## Reflection Document

### HTML

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

These exercises were straight-forward with the exception of the forms exercise. I discovered that there is a wealth of information and documentation for HTML, which makes sense considering it has been the staple of the UI since the early years of the internet.

For reference here is some of the documentation I found:

- [W3 Schools - HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_forms.asp)
- [MDN Web Docs - HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist)

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

Overall I found these exercises helpful in just getting to know HTML and how to use tools like Live Server.

### Accessibility

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

This exercise was a little more difficult in the beginning but after referencing the lecture slides and code base examples it became clear what to do. In addition using the accesiblities tools like Lighthouse and Wave were a great guide in how to fix the code.

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

I found this exercise very helpful in that I had never used accesibilty tools before. I have always been curious as to how accessibility is governed/measured on the web and now I know some of the tools used in doing that.

**Was there something that you wish had been explained better?**

It does seem that a lot of accessibilty in any given website can be left open to interpetation. It would be helpful if there was a definitive guide as to how to handle things like alt descriptions. I assue there is but I don't recall seeing anything like linked in the course materials.

**Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?**

We were only required to do the `01-form.html` in this exercise however there were many more in the example repo. It may have been good to clear instructions on which we could test in addition.

### CSS

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

I used the slides extensively for this exercise. CSS is not straightforward at all when trying to do more complex UI manipulation.

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

I spent a lot of time trying to figure out layout.css. I tried many different values but hardcoding felt like the wrong way to do it. Eventually I realised that you could specify the box type to include border spacing or ad bording spacing. In the end all I had to do was change one line to `box-sizing: border-box;`

### Flexbox

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

**Was there something that you wish had been explained better?**

**Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?**

### CSS-Grid

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

**Was there something that you wish had been explained better?**

**Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?**

### Bootstrap

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

**Was there something that you wish had been explained better?**

**Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?**

### JavaScript

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

**Was there something that you wish had been explained better?**

**Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?**

### jQuery

**Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?**

**How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?**

**Was there something that you wish had been explained better?**

**Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?**
